feat(rules): support ranges as rule conditions (#498)
boc-tothefuture/openhab-jruby: docs/usage/triggers/changed.md

Changed accepts Items, Things or Groups. 
To and from accept arrays to match multiple states

> The from and to values operate like they do in the DSL and Python rules with some enhabnacements.
> 1. If changed element being used as a trigger is a thing than the to and from values will accept symbols and strings, where the symbol matches the [supported status](https://www.openhab.org/docs/concepts/things.html). 
> 2. Support for ranges

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The from and to values operate like they do in the DSL and Python rules with some enhancements:
1. If the changed element being used as a trigger is a thing, the `to` and `from` values will accept symbols and strings, where the symbol matches the [supported status](https://www.openhab.org/docs/concepts/things.html). 
2. Support for ranges.
```
